we were not conducting any offensive
operations whatsoever against Kamas
Targets in Gaza and there was this
unprovoked attack on our soldiers a
deadly attack two of our soldiers were
killed others apparently injured and I'm
afraid one seems to have been kidnapped
and Hamas by breaking the ceasefire not
only killed Israelis and not only
slammed the door shut on diplomatic
Solutions but Hamas has unfortunately
destroyed the chance of the people of
Gaza receiving humanitarian help that
they so badly need they were supposed to
be a 72-hour period a 3-day period of
ceasefire to allow the people of Gaz to
get that human humanitarian support that
they so badly need and I think this
shows what Hamas really thinks about the
people of Gaza what their agenda truly
is